Docs: Code contribution WSL removal (#29174)
storybookjs/storybook: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Running the local development environment

> - Ensure if you are using Windows to use a terminal with admin privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All commands should be run in a terminal with administrator privileges in Windows environments.
```
